PSG-4899 use template for deprecated readmes (#100)
passageidentity/passage-ios: README.md

![passage-ios-deprecated](https://storage.googleapis.com/passage-docs/github-md-assets/passage-ios-deprecated.png)

> [!WARNING]

> > passage-ios was deprecated on July 17, 2024 and is no longer receiving updates or support. Please use [passage-swift](https://github.com/passageidentity/passage-swift) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> passage-ios was deprecated on September 18, 2024 and is no longer receiving updates or support. Please use [passage-swift](https://github.com/passageidentity/passage-swift) instead.
```
